I see turnaround on Friday.
I see turnaround on Friday and the midnight hour.
We call that turnaround on Friday.
I see it.
It's a small little window, but we'll take it.
It's a small little window by a few votes.
Do you hear me?
It's a small window on Friday late with a few votes.
A few votes.
All they need.
I hear a few votes to push this over.
A few votes.
By a fraction of a hair.
I see fear in their heart.
You hear me?
I'm seeing it prophetically.
We work on those hearts.
They're just there.
It's just a few people.
Do you hear me?
Few.
A few.
I see these few.
The Lord said, I'd give you a few.
Do you can see roots?
You hear me?
Boy.
You pray over those.
Just right there.
He said, You see that group right there?
I see them.
It's a huddle.
It's just a few.
How many?
One, two, three.
I'm counting their faces.
Four, five, six, seven.
Seven.
And then there's one big one.
There's one predominant.
A few pray over these few in the midnight hour for a prayer for a change, a Hail Mary, a conviction on their hearts, a conviction on those hearts.
I see it.
They're not.
I see their minds.
It's on their minds.
It's pressure from the outside.
It's pressure on them to make this decision on the outside.
You do what we tell you to do.
I hear it.
There's pressure, but it's about money.
You do what we tell you to do or we cut off the money.
Your election's coming up next year.
You do what we tell you to do.
I see the plan.
I see fires.
We pray over the few.
We pray over the few, making the right choices.
Making the right choices.
I see it.
If we can just get them to flip right there, it will be over.
I see these people's hearts.
They're not too far from it.
They're right on the edge, but they're being pushed by these other outside sources, and they're being told, You do what we tell you to do.
They're being told you do what we tell you.
You do what we tell you to do.
Great influence is on them for pressure from their party.
You hear me?
But they're so close.
They're so close.
I'm talking it's by a hair like this.
It just we just got to push it over by the spirit right now.
We call it in as they're sleeping.
As they're working on their hearts as they're sleeping.
It's the middle of the night.
We call working on their hearts as they're getting ready.
It's there.
At the midnight hour, we call a turnaround.
We call a turnaround.
Over their hearts.
Even Pocahontas.
Do you understand?
A fear.
A fear of the Lord.
A sensible budget.
A sensible coming to the table.
We're calling it in right now in Jesus name.
We'll not have riots in this nation.
You'll not burn our buildings.
You'll not steal from us.
They'll not have all this chaos.
We call peace over this nation in the name of Jesus.
We'll have peace over this nation, over every state, over Arkansas, over Oklahoma, over Texas, over Illinois, over California.
We'll not have it.
We'll not have it in the name of Jesus.
The blood.
Immediately.
Immediately turn.
Immediately turn and immediately turn.
It is.
I see even concerning Ukraine.
This money is to influence into Ukraine.
I see.
Should I say that out loud?
The arrow goes from Washington DC into Ukraine to Kiev for special interest.
They're trying to protect this, but that money is not accounted for.
That money, that money is not accounted for.
There's no accountability over that money.
It goes in extension to Ukraine and there's no accountability there.
And you draw your own conclusion.
It's 15 billion.
Is that 15 million?
It's a big number.
There's money there.
I just see the money's funneling.
Stiff necked people.
Stiff neck people with bad agenda.
Darkness.
Darkness in the corners.
I see labs.
I see medical labs.
I see science projects.
It's like they look like bio-labs.
They have white outfits on and I see white counters.
Same thing with white...
Why are they raising so hard?
I see it's touching special interest.
It's touching the special interest.
Pet projects.
I'm seeing New Year's Eve.
I see New Year's Eve.
I'm in Times Square.
I see the two men on CNN.
New York will look so much different at this time.
New York will look so much more different at this time.
By this time, it's like no hope for some.
Sad.
America looks so different.
2026.
There's so much expectation for the beginning of the new year.
There's, you know, when you have that expectation for 2026, every year you're optimistic.
What does this year hold?
You know, you can feel that charge in the atmosphere.
I feel it.
But it's everybody wants blessing.
They want the New Year's resolution.
They're expecting.
I'm in the Times Square.
I can see it.
It's so clear.
But there I feel a sadness there.
I'm looking into it and I can see it and I can see those two men.
I just camp there.
I'm just trying to figure out why the Lord's brought me there.
And now I'm back in Ukraine.
Now I'm seeing and I can see I hear John Lennon.
Imagine.
I can hear this song playing.
Lord, Holy Spirit, what is this?
What are you showing me all this for?
What is this, Lord?
I hear that.
Imagine all the people.
It's in the New York.
Oh, I just saw a flash.
I saw a flash.
I can see the building.
I hear the people screaming.
Do you know whenever you are in a crowd, you hear them yelling and they're running?
What year is this?
I just thank you Father that every plot, every plan is uncovered in Jesus name.
Every plot, every plan is uncovered in Jesus name.
I just bleed the blood over my mind.
It looks like a teardrop and the way it goes out.
It looks like a teardrop.
But as this here, do you know whenever you see like you take a flash on a camera but this is yellow?
It looks like a yellow flash.
It's in the middle almost like when you hold a match, but this is a massive thing there.
It's a massive thing that goes out and it looks like a flash of light.
It moves and this one area and it moves out and it goes out and it looks like fire.
But it's shaped like a teardrop.
I could see it so clear.
But I hear women.
I can hear the women screaming.
I can see this move out like this.
But it doesn't just go out on the sides.
It goes up and down.
It's all like this.
This light, a flash.
And as I see it, that's all I can see.
The light in it.
And it moves out like this.
But I hear women screaming.
And I hear John Lennon singing.
Imagine.
I can't see what happened to anybody.
I just hear them screaming.
I don't know what happened.
I don't know what that is.
All I hear is I can hear the you know like whenever you hear like we would see Godzilla come on a scene or something.
You know what I'm talking about?
And then they go and they're screaming.
That's the way it sounds.
And it's echoing like the echo of the sound.
Men and women, the echo.
But I don't see why.
I don't see them.
It disappeared.
The vision went away.
But I could see it.
And it was just a flash.
Like a flash.
Screams.
I could hear screams.
I could hear that.
And then nothing.
But then I was in Ukraine.
And I could see Ukraine again.
I don't know.
That's why I said I don't know what that is.
It's light.
Like you're taking a flash.
I'm not going to assume anything.
I don't want to add to or take away from anything.
I told you exactly what I see right there.
I don't know what that is or what year it is.
I know those two men are on CNN on New Year's Eve, and I could hear the music.
At the beginning of the vision, I told you there's anticipation for the year.
I could feel it.
2026.
People are excited about the year and the change, but there's fear in the atmosphere and sadness for some reason.
I see the face of the man running for mayor.
He spoke before me right then.
I see his face, and I have my assumptions about what that is.
Well, we just pray every plan is uncovered, just like we uncovered the SIM cards, just how we prayed over Pam Bondi.
We have authority.
I believe it's to be continued.
It lifted.
I was in it very strongly.
I saw this, and then it went away; He didn't want me to see anything else.
I'm sure He'll let me later.
He doesn't want me to talk about it publicly yet, but it's very interesting to me.
There is more to pray about, more prayer assignments.
We have so much work to do.
Aren't you excited?
It's never a dull moment.
The Lord always keeps us on track regarding these people, their plots, their plans, and their pursuits.
I pray for our government to stay open this week, and we'll continue to pray over this as we are in this together.
We'll pray for revival and for our churches to wake up.
Praying for President Trump, I'm seeing a little bit more about an attempt to fatally wound the eagle.
They are trying to fatally wound the eagle.
I see the man with the black hoodie again.
Remember I told you about the man with the black hoodie?
It's the enemy within.
The enemy within has a plan.
The Lord said, 'How do you eat an elephant?
You take one bite at a time.
' Don't focus on all of it; I'm giving you pieces of things to pray.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, 'Brandon, right now you tackle the budget.
You eat a whole elephant one bite at a time.
' It's really big, but don't get overwhelmed.
Take the care out of your prayer, because if you don't, it makes you get in the flesh, and that's why I can't go there.
What I'm seeing is very troublesome in the natural and very heavy, but the Lord said, 'I show you pieces at a time.
I keep you going.
This is ongoing.
Right now, we take authority over the budget.
' That's what you have to do for the riots they have planned for this weekend going into next week, that they would be drained.
You eat this one bite at a time.
That may sound gross to people, but I'm just trying to paint a picture.
We do one thing at a time, then we move to the next.
We keep praying, but the Lord gives you a little bit more.
He says, 'You have a track you have to keep on.
There's more.
' We call those seven to turn in the middle of the night.
It's on a thin line, but we have the victory.
We need a budget that is sensible and not crazy, one that pays our people what they deserve.
They've earned it.
It's honorable.
A man is worthy of his hire; a woman is worthy of her hire.
If they work for it, we need to pay them as a nation.
That's the bottom line: paying people what they've earned and worked for is honorable.
If they work for it, they deserve a check.
They work hard, and it's wrong not to pay people.
The FAA is working for it; they keep us protected and watch over us as we're flying.
It's just common sense.
And these RINOs, the Lord said to pray into that group.
There's softness, but there's influence on them through blackmail.
'You do what we tell you to do,' I hear them saying.
The Lord said to pray for that group because there's some softness there that you can work with.
The Lord said those are the ones you can work with.
I saw this group of people leaning toward voting the right way, but they're facing great influence and pressure from others.
'You do this, or we're going to make sure you don't get reelected.
' It's blackmail and outside pressure regarding money funding their campaigns.
They should flip parties anyway and say, 'We're done with you.
' They stand for what they stand for, but they know what's right, and paying people their wages is right.
They have a conscience, partially.
Some of the things they stand for are wrong, but the Lord said that's what you need.
I'm just telling you what the Holy Spirit says, so that's what we're going to continue to pray for.
I challenge you as we close tonight: you have an assignment.
We're praying for the hearts of about seven of them to change.
I'm trying to count them.
There was one behind, but I'm praying for these people to change.
I saw men and women.